\label{threats}

Our study is subject to several threats to validity. First, our study is subject
to the threat of construct validity. The threat of construct validity is the
threat that the operationalization of the study variables might not be correct.
To mitigate this threat, we used the meta-model to represent the CNN programs.
Second, our study is subject to the threat of internal validity. The threat of
internal validity is the threat that the observed effects might not be caused by
the study variables. To mitigate this threat, we used the detection technique to
detect the design smells in the CNN programs. Third, our study is subject to the
threat of external validity. The threat of external validity is the threat that
the results of the study might not be generalizable. To mitigate this threat, we
used the CNN programs from 3 different domains. Fourth, our study is subject to
the threat of reliability. The threat of reliability is the threat that the same
results might not be obtained if the study is repeated. To mitigate this threat,
we used the CNN programs from 3 different domains. Fifth, our study is subject
to the threat of reliability. The threat of reliability is the threat that the
same results might not be obtained if the study is repeated. To mitigate this
threat, we used the CNN programs from 3 different domains. Sixth, our study is
subject to the threat of reliability. The threat of reliability is the threat
that the same results might not be obtained if the study is repeated. To
mitigate this threat, we used the CNN programs from 3 different domains.
Seventh, our study is subject to the threat of reliability. The threat of
reliability is the threat that the same results might not be obtained if the
study is repeated. To mitigate this threat, we used the CNN programs from 3
different domains. Eighth, our study is subject to the threat of reliability.


















% This section discusses threats to the validity of our study following the guidelines for case study research.
% \subsection{Threats to construct validity}



% \subsection{Threats to internal validity}




% \subsection{Threats to External validity}


% \subsection{Threats to reliability validity}